# Chemistry

This is the potion - the chemistry, if you will - to change into [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) and get away from that dank old WordPress junkheap.  Use it and use it well!

## Origin

I don't like the WordPress, so I got to making a tool that would allow me consume them.  I originally created a [simple script](./ORIGINAL.md) that was very focussed on my original need, to scrape a friend's site out from the grubby mitts of the unscrupulous web dude that was holding it hostage.  I've included it here for historical purposes, although I don't expect it to be around very long.

## Installation

```bash
gem install chemistry
```

That didn't seem so hard, did it?

## Usage

At its simplest, you can use `transform` as an interactive, command-line application that will ask you a few questions and take you from a WordPress at some URL and put it on Amazon S3 as a static site generated by Jekyll and initiate the DNS transfer. Simply run

```bash
chemistry transform
```

and watch the magic happen<sup><a href="#ymmv">1</a></sup>!

Given the variability of all the possibilities (WP authentication protocol, WP host credentials, registrar credentials, registrar API, Amazon credentials, etc.) YMMV. But don't let that stop you; each step along the way is broken down into separate commands, so you can use chemistry to perform as much as possible, only needing to figure out the messy parts (see the prior parenthetical).  Just run

```bash
chemistry help
```

for all the details.

---

[<a name="ymmv">1</a>] Yeah, this functionality isn't built yet, but we're _AAAAALMOST_ there.  Available mid-2021!!!

---

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/chemistry.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

